alright so this is going to be room
glaive versus devour many people believe
that one superior to the other I'm going
over both of them I'm explaining which
one I believe is better and if you
actually watch my videos you should know
which one I obviously prefer but
nevertheless there are people that are
trying to say ones by the other when
it's clearly not alright so this is the
jungle item room glaive you give us 50
plus ability power plus 200 mana plus
ten percent CDR has a spell blade effect
that gives you mana back and because
Kayla's hybrid it works really well
because she scales both with ad and AP
items so overall it's a really good item
and there's really no downfall to it so
let's look at devour this item gives 50
plus percent attack speed and plus 60
damage on hit magic damage unique
passive is phantom every second basic
attack will activate a phantom attack
that triggers on-hit effects twice so
obviously this is a really good effect
that can work well with many champions
looking at the pros and cons of room
glaive on kale so first off kale really
doesn't have any cons with this item
this item gives CDR AP men are
regeneration and spell blade all things
that kale desperately needs and this
item pretty much brought kale back into
the game the only downfall of rune blade
is that it only has 50 AP and usually
with kale you're going to scale hi AAP
items because you're also having to get
natural tooth which was considered a low
ap item but recently they buffed it to
ad AP which is extremely good alright so
we're going to go over the pros and cons
of devour on kale so the con is that
pretty much devour takes a long time to
stack you're pretty much AFK stacking in
jungle if you get far behind then this
can pretty much destroy your game if you
ended up getting invaded early on you
end up getting basically camped in your
jungle you can essentially never
complete devour by like the 20-minute
mark and you'll get four stood in team
fights without so you devour upgrade now
that we're on kale is really good her
escale is extremely well with
our because obviously you can get other
on-hit effects item was with kale is
considering that she's a hybrid champion
the major problem is is that basically
it's making York you and your W
worthless obviously if you're going to
vow her you're going to get other on-hit
effects if you get those on hit affect
items and you're sacrificing your AP
items and also you don't have any CDR
from devour and you don't have any men
are region from devour so you're
obviously going to have to buy those
items separately which is going to take
up space and stop you from your complete
build this is a major major flaw alright
so let's look at her scaling ratios as
you can see here everything that she has
scales off of AP some the actual
abilities dual scale off of AP so her Q
scales off at AP by sixty percent which
is really awesome her w which is her
heel and a remove minus book has a
45-percent AP scaling ratio and her
movement speed buff has a seven percent
ap scaling ratio out of / 108 P so this
is very major for slowing and then
kiting away so the more AP you have more
movement speed buff you'll have
basically if you have a full build you
can essentially remove your boots out of
the equation and buy another AP item
because of her w allows it because
she'll basically have enough movement
speed to basically run around all the
map and she'll be able to spam her w so
her e on the other hand has a fifty
percent ap scaling ratio which is pretty
good and her bonus magic damage per hit
has a thirty percent ap scaling ratio so
if you decide to go devour you're going
to be sacrificing these ap scaling
ratios which kale is amazing with and
you might be saying fifteen percent ap
scaling ratio and thirty percent ap
scaling ratios nothing but in all
honesty it is freaking major alright so
the conclusion is is that rune glyph has
one rune glyph is just obviously the
better choice it's busy an AP item so
you can essentially stack full AP
instead of having to stack a few attacks
and then ap items which would then be
hybrid attack speed ap which is ok but
rune clave is just better that is why
the Challenger level players are going
room grave because room glaives
correctly is much better now if you're
on bronze or silver and you're not
really that good at mechanics then
devours definitely for you because all
you have to do is hit and click someone
and you're going to nuke them down just
about as much but the problem is is that
you're sacrificing a ton of movement
speed a ton of heel bonus and a ton of
damage on your queue for a upgrade a
ability which is not really that
massively improved from the rune blade
build alright guys I have two clips at
the end one is showing the Devourer kale
and when showing the room glaive kale
and both kales are viable they're both
really good I'm not saying that one's
trash one's not just a rune blade kale
with better mechanics it's just overall
superior to the Devourer kale awesome
rune blade is just better off because
the second you build the item you have
your power spike instead of having to
get 30 stacks on devour do you have it
upgraded now if you're in silver or
bronze and you're not confident your
mechanics then go devour either way both
cables are good I'm just explaining why
one's better because I've been having a
lot of people in my comments saying
devour kale is better it's like it's
really not this the reason live that
when you look at the challenge of
streams they're actually going rune
glaive and of course night blue and
probably twitch nut which was it trick2g
no I said twitch but yeah they're
probably doing devour kale but if they
are the interior tournament if they're
to actually play kale more consistently
they'd be going room glaive I've seen
them do crazy ass builds all the time
and even night blue has gone off and
said hey I have no idea how to play
rengar according to the Koreans and then
he actually started copying their strats
so league is always changing this is
just my opinion I've seen a lot of the
Challenger players doing rune glyph kale
because overall it is just better
looking at the statistics are anyways
guys thanks for watching make sure to
comment rate and subscribe and peace out
I don't think I really inose
they don't know that blinking does four
percent HP on hit that is ridiculous
like that is absolutely ridiculous hi
you